{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You ever notice how interacting with a copilot system is like trying to have a conversation with a teenager? You\'92re asking them to do something, and they\'92re just giving you these vague, one-word answers, like, "Sure," or "Got it." But do they really got it? I\'92m not so sure!\
I mean, you tell the copilot, "I need to create a workflow." And what do they say? "Do you want to start with a template or create from scratch?" Oh, real helpful, buddy. Like, do you think I\'92m here just to chat about workflow philosophy? Let\'92s get to the point!\
And then, it\'92s like the copilot is playing 20 Questions. "What would you like to name this workflow?" "Sales Process Automation." "Great, what are the key steps?" I\'92m waiting for them to ask, "And what did you have for breakfast this morning?" Do you want to know my life story too?\
But it gets better. You say, "I need to generate a contract." And they\'92re like, "Do you have a template or should we create a new one?" This isn\'92t HGTV. I\'92m not flipping houses here. Just give me the contract!\
And they always need more details. "Client\'92s name? Start date?" I\'92m half expecting them to ask for the client\'92s favorite color and zodiac sign. Like, come on, copilot, I just need this done before my coffee gets cold!\
And if they don\'92t understand? Oh boy. "I\'92m sorry, I didn\'92t catch that. Can you rephrase?" Yeah, sure, I\'92ll just become a poet in the middle of my workday. "Oh copilot, dear copilot, please craft me a workflow divine." Maybe then it\'92ll get it right.\
But at the end of the day, you gotta love these copilot systems. They\'92re trying their best, just like the rest of us. Even if they are a little... robotic.\
}