{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What's the deal with AI search? I mean, did we really need our search engines to become sentient? I just wanted to find a good pizza place, not have an existential conversation with my computer.\
Have you seen the new search boxes? They're huge! It\'92s like the search engine is saying, "Come on, ask me anything! I\'92m ready!" It\'92s like a therapist on steroids. You type in, "best Italian restaurant," and it replies, "How about we explore your feelings about pasta instead?"\
And the examples! They show you how to ask questions. It's like training wheels for the internet. "Here are some questions you might want to ask." Next, they'll be suggesting, "Hey, how about asking if pineapple belongs on pizza?" Let's not open that can of worms.\
And the dropdown menus! You start typing, and it\'92s like, "Hold on, I\'92ve got some suggestions for you!" Before you finish your thought, it\'92s throwing options at you like a hyperactive game show host. "Is this your final answer? Or maybe this one? Or this one?"\
We\'92re transitioning from traditional search to AI search. Traditional search was like a librarian: quiet, efficient, no-nonsense. AI search is like a personal assistant who drank way too much coffee. "Hey! What can I help you with? Wanna chat about trending topics? Let\'92s talk!"\
So, next time you\'92re looking for a new restaurant, a movie, or even a recipe, remember: you're not just searching. You\'92re having a deep, meaningful interaction with your computer. Welcome to the future, where even our search engines need therapy.\
}