{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Have you ever noticed how we're always being asked for feedback now? Every app, every website, even my toaster wants to know if I'm satisfied with my bread crispiness! "Did you enjoy your toast today?" I don't know, it's bread. It was warm. What do you want from me?\
And these companies, they're getting sneaky with it. First, they tried the thumbs-up, thumbs-down thing. But let's be honest, who's got the time? "How was your experience?" Well, I'm busy eating my toast, so I guess... good? Sure, thumbs-up!\
But no, they couldn't leave it at that. Now they're like, "Pick your favorite response!" Here's four pictures of toast, which one looks the tastiest? I didn't realize I needed a photo shoot for my breakfast. And you know somewhere, there's a guy analyzing this data, like, "We need more butter in picture three. That's where the magic is!"\
Then there's the passive feedback. They want to collect data without you even knowing. It's like they're saying, "Hey, don't mind us, just keep doing what you're doing. We'll be over here in the shadows, watching your every move." It's like they're the James Bond of data collection.\
But the best is when they offer to regenerate responses. You didn't like that joke? No problem, here's three more! It's like being at a comedy club where the comedian is desperate for your approval. "No laughs? How about now? No? Wait, wait, I've got more!"\
In the end, I just want to enjoy my toast without feeling like I'm in some kind of focus group. Is that too much to ask?\
}