{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 You know, AI is everywhere now. Have you seen these AI search results? They put them right at the top of the page with a special background and a title that says, "AI Overview." It\'92s like they\'92re saying, "Hey, look at me! I\'92m smarter than you!" And you can\'92t even opt out. It\'92s like being forced to watch a magician who always ruins the trick.\
\
People have been using traditional search for decades. We\'92re comfortable with it. It\'92s like that old pair of sneakers you just can\'92t throw away. Then AI comes along and it\'92s like, "Why don\'92t you try these new, self-lacing shoes?" No thanks, I can tie my own laces!\
\
And what\'92s with the visual cues? They use colored backgrounds, sparkly stars, and labels like "Powered by AI." I don\'92t need my search results looking like a Vegas casino!\
\
And have you seen the AI\'92s attempts at being accurate? Sometimes, it's spot on, and other times, it's like asking your dog to solve a math problem. \'93Hey Google, why isn\'92t my cheese sticking to my pizza?\'94 And the AI\'92s like, \'93Have you considered adding glue to the sauce?\'94\
\
We just want to find things quickly and easily. Now, with AI, they\'92re trying to make it better, but it's like when your grandma tries to send a text and ends up posting on your Facebook wall. Sure, it's new and advanced, but sometimes, you just want the old way that works, without the sparkles and neon signs.}