{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You ever notice how writing prompts for AI is like trying to assemble furniture from IKEA? You\'92ve got all these pieces and no idea how they fit together. You\'92re staring at the screen like, \'93What do you want from me? Just talk to me, AI!\'94\
I mean, they say you need \'93prompt literacy.\'94 Prompt literacy? I didn\'92t realize I needed a PhD in robot communication! It\'92s like they expect us to be the Shakespeare of Silicon Valley.\
But hey, some genius came up with \'93Prompt Templates.\'94 It\'92s like a cheat sheet for the confused! They\'92ve got categories, subcategories, previews\'97it\'92s like the Dewey Decimal System for dummies. You click on a template and it\'92s all filled out, just missing your specific details. It's AI Mad Libs!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Remember the good old days when talking to machines meant pressing '1' for English? Now it's 'fill in the highlighted sections to complete your request.' It's like paint-by-numbers but for adults, and way less fun.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 So here\'92s to all of us struggling with AI prompts. May your next request be simple, your templates be few, and your patience be endless. Cheers!}