{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Alright, let's talk about prompts. You know, those little text boxes where you type in what you want and hope for the best. But now, they tell me we\'92re moving to "multimodal prompts." Sounds fancy, right?\
\
\'93Multimodal prompts.\'94 Just rolls off the tongue. Like something you\'92d hear in a sci-fi movie. "Captain, engage the multimodal prompts!" And the ship starts playing images, music, and documents all at once.\
\
They say it improves accuracy. How accurate do we need to be? Are we ordering a sandwich or launching a space shuttle? Imagine calling a restaurant and saying, "Yes, I'd like a burger," and they respond, "Can you send us an image, a catchy tune, and a PDF of your dietary restrictions?"\
\
Multimodal prompts are supposed to be the future. But honestly, if I have to start curating a whole multimedia presentation just to ask my phone what the weather is, I\'92m out. Can\'92t we just keep it simple?\
\
So next time you find yourself needing to send a prompt, don\'92t just send a text. Remember, it\'92s a brave new world out there. And nothing says efficiency like a slideshow of your grocery list set to Beethoven\'92s Fifth Symphony.}