{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Have you ever noticed how every app now wants your feedback? It's like living in a world of constant pop quizzes. I'm just trying to check the weather, and suddenly my phone's asking, "How was your experience?" I don't know, it was cloudy?\
\
They\'92ve got these thumbs-up and thumbs-down buttons now. I feel like a Roman emperor. "Thumbs down for your cloudy forecast!" And they act like it's so easy. But then they want more. \'93Why did you give a thumbs down?\'94 Well, maybe because it\'92s raining and I forgot my umbrella? Do you really need a dissertation on my weather disappointment?\
\
And it\'92s not just the simple stuff. Some apps want a whole essay. You hit thumbs-down, and suddenly there\'92s a pop-up: "Can you provide more details?" Sure, let me just cancel my plans, sit down, and write you a novel on why I didn't like your coffee recommendation.\
\
They\'92ve even got these reaction styles now, borrowed from social media. Thumbs up, thumbs down, smiley faces, stars... It's like they want me to turn into a professional critic. Next thing you know, I\'92ll need to attend a feedback seminar just to rate my latest sandwich.\
\
And what's the deal with user motivation? They're trying to figure out how to make us care. They're like, "We'll give you points! We'll make it fun!" Listen, unless those points can be traded for actual sandwiches, I\'92m not interested.\
\
In the end, I just want to check the weather or order a coffee without feeling like I'm being interrogated. Is that too much to ask?}