{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 What's the deal with these contextual suggestions? You ever notice how these things are always popping up, trying to help you out? It's like having a backseat driver for your computer. "Oh, you\'92re designing a form? How about a little validation rule for that email field?" Thanks, Nintex, but I think I can handle it.\
\
I mean, it's like they assume we\'92re all just wandering around lost in the software wilderness. "Hey buddy, you look like you\'92re struggling with that workflow. How about a conditional branch right here?" Oh great, now my computer\'92s giving me life advice.\
\
And have you seen the way they deliver these suggestions? It\'92s like they're trying to sneak up on you. Little pop-ups in the corner of the screen, subtle animations... it's like a ninja trying to hand you a pamphlet. \'93Psst, you wanna add a dynamic table? No? Okay, I\'92ll be here if you need me.\'94\
\
But my favorite part? The feedback. They want us to rate the suggestions. Rate them! Can you imagine? "Oh yes, the suggestion to use pre-built templates really spoke to me. Five stars, highly recommend."\
\
And then they give you options \'96 apply, learn more, dismiss. Dismiss? That's like telling a friend their advice is garbage. "Hey, thanks for the tip, but no thanks. Go back to your little sidebar, I'll figure it out."\
\
In the end, it\'92s all about making things easier, right? But sometimes, I just miss the days when you could struggle in peace. No pop-ups, no ninjas, just you and your cluelessness. Ah, the good old days.}