{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You ever try to get a computer to write something for you? It\'92s like trying to dance with a robot! You start with a prompt, the computer responds, and then you\'92re like, \'93No, no, that\'92s not it at all,\'94 and you try again. It\'92s the tango of frustration!\
I mean, for simple stuff, it\'92s great. \'93Hey, write me an email.\'94 Boom! Done. \'93Make me a marketing pitch.\'94 Bam! Nailed it. But when you want something more complicated, like writing a whole book or designing a website, it\'92s a marathon.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Then there\'92s this iterative process. You review, you refine, you repeat. It\'92s like trying to sculpt a masterpiece out of mashed potatoes. \'93Nope, that\'92s not right. Try again. Oh, it\'92s still a lumpy mess? Great, let\'92s keep going.\'94\
\
And the prompts! They have to be so detailed. You feel like you\'92re writing a novel just to get the thing to write a novel! And heaven forbid you go over the token limit. It\'92s like, \'93Sorry, you\'92ve reached the word count. Please insert another 25 cents to continue.\'94\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 And these companies have gotten really fancy with it. They give you outlines, sitemaps, wireframes. It\'92s like they\'92re saying, "We know you\'92re gonna mess up, so let\'92s just take this slow." It\'92s a wizard, they call it. A wizard! As if Gandalf is gonna pop out and say, "You shall pass... after 17 more iterations."\
So next time you're trying to get a perfect response from an LLM, remember: it\'92s not a sprint, it\'92s a marathon. And maybe, just maybe, you'll end up with something that looks a little like what you had in mind. But probably not.\
}